This README file provides instructions and information on setting up and running an ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) pipeline for Spotify data using AWS services.

**Table of Contents**

1) Introduction
2) Architecture
3) Prerequisites
4) Running the Pipeline
5) Monitoring and Logging
6) Cleaning Up
7) Contributing


**1) Introduction**

>This ETL pipeline extracts data from the Spotify API, transforms it to a desired format, and loads it into an AWS data store in Snowflake for analysis. The pipeline leverages various AWS services, and snowflake storage services to ensure scalability, reliability, and efficiency.

**2) Architecture**

>The pipeline uses the following AWS services:
  
  >**AWS Lambda:** For running ETL code.
  
  >**Amazon S3:** For temporary storage of extracted and transformed data.
  
  >**Amazon CloudWatch:** For logging and monitoring the pipeline.
  
  >**Snowflake**: As the data warehouse for storing the final transformed data.

**3) Prerequisites**
  
  Before setting up the pipeline, ensure you have the following:
  
  >An AWS account with necessary permissions to create and manage resources.
  >AWS CLI installed and configured on your local machine.
  >Python installed on your local machine.
  >Spotify Developer account and API credentials. Snowflake account to warehouse the transformed data from the AWS.

**4.1) Extract Data**

>Use the Spotify API to extract data and store it in the S3 bucket.

>Copy code

    python data_Extract.py

**4.2) Transform Data**

>Use Code in the github to transform the data.

>Copy code

    python data_transform.py

**4.3) Load Data**

>Load the transformed data into Snowflake.



**5) Monitoring and Logging**

>**CloudWatch Logs:** Check CloudWatch for logs generated by AWS Lambda functions and Glue jobs.

>**Glue Console:** Monitor Glue job runs and crawler status from the AWS Glue Console.

**6) Cleaning Up**

To clean up resources after use, ensure you:

>Delete the S3 bucket.

>Terminate the Redshift cluster.

>Remove any Glue jobs and crawlers.

>Delete CloudWatch log groups if necessary.

**7) Contributing**

>Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and create a pull request with your changes.
